
# v2.6.0 Release

The v2.6.0 release represents a stripped down version of the software so we can produce a useful and valuable product to the EOC in Kabul.

Any functionality that we have removed from the application, is not lost work, however we just want to make sure that going forward, we release functionality when it is properly tested.

# functionality removed #

The major functionality that we have hidden in the 2.6.0 release :
  - Chart Builder
  - Aggregation, and Calculation ( the system at this stage does no regional or indicator based aggregation )
  - Uploader -- User must have a specific header to have a successful upload.  The feedback was very negative to the "chose headers" step in Kabul so we have to discuss moving to a model that is less abstract, and more specific for specific sources. That will probably not be necessary at this stage, because the users in Kabul are much more interested in Data Entry than in upload.  However for now, we have 3 templates

When it comes to the ingestion engine, as we are still trying to roll out, it puts a much smaller burden on the software if we encourage our users in Afghanistan to upload the calculated numbers.  We have a major risk with any aggregation we do in the back end, that if it is wrong, we can loose credibility that could threaten our position.  Its better for now to require the numbers to be calculated in excel and uploaded for this campaign, while we re-design the upload / data entry process.

The uploader, and the data entry platform we built, was simply not what the program wanted.  They requested a number of different peices of functionality specifically around data entry, so this week we should come up with a solution that we can extend for data entry / upload based on what we have already built, but taking into account the requests from the EOC.  That

## new functionality ##

The major functionality that we were able to develop :
  - Show all LPDs for Afghanistan in Table and Map
  - Increase text size on table header
  - Simplify the Uploader to take a specific template, but with a much less complicated data ingestion engine.


## New Uploader Processes ##

When a user uploads a file, the data should:

  - Automatically sync with no aggregation or calculation, and be available in the API immediately.
  - Put any un-mapped campaigns, indicators, or locations into the "meta-data" tab, allow a user to map them with the usual interface, then click " sync data " to get the data re-ingested
  - Be available and searchable in the "results" tab.  This functionality is new and is very helpful for analyzing the results of the upload.

A few notes:
  -> Meta-Data Mappings are absolute, so information only appears in the "meta-data" screen if there is no associated ID to sync the data.  The consequence of this is that when you map something, it disappears from the list, but it will be mapped as the user has decided for all future uploads.  This is a bad experience, so would like to re-think this after seeing what our users on the ground think of  the new upload experience.  Perhaps we should keep all valid mappings in the table, along with a link that shows the associated data from the upload. 

## planned functionality that we removed from the release due to instability ##

This release's objectives that were not reached:
  - Make Indicator Selector on the pre/post/intra campaign dashboard filter the data in the map and trend
  - Include the regions ( south, east, etc. ) so that a user can view the data by South for instance and see all the LPDs in that region
  - Properly handle the map shading and legend due to indicator bounds.

## why we could not deliver on planned issues in this release ##

Both of these issues are due to one problem:
  - In order to deliver on new functionality smoothly we need a cleaner code base.  We are constantly under pressure to deliver new functionality and in doing so we continually sacrifice the integrity of the code which makes developing new features very difficult.

Thus for all three of these issues we need to discuss a longer term plan in getting these done.  We hardcoded these dashboards so we can have something very specific to worry about this week as we finally roll out the software in the field.  So this week, we are going to need to tend to the software in the state that it is in... likely release 2 or 3 patches to fix any crucial bugs.

While we will be working hard to support the campaign in Afghanistan this week, including the daily ingest of IVR.. I think we should think strategically, and figure out implementing these three dashboards in the context of the **Dashboard Bulider** , as opposed to hardcode implementation so we can develop new functionality more smoothly.  That is start to abstract the construction of these dashboards such that, similar dashboards can be created by using the chart wizard, and some tools to position and configure charts on dashboards.

Next release is scheduled for Friday the 18th.  Monday morning we will review these priorities and create a release plan for the week based on these notes, testing in the field and our meeting on monday.
