# Quality Assurance Procedure for Dashboard
## High Level Functionality
### Options
  * Unless the user is a 'super user', the edit dashboard functionality should not be available.
  * If you are able to click edit, it should change the button to a 'Save Dashboard' button. To the right of this is an option to cancel the edit, indicated by a small 'x' icon.
  * Changing the name of the dashboard name and clicking save should save. Let's do that and refresh the browser and see if the new updated name exists. Once loaded you should see the new dashboard name.
  * Lets do the same thing, but not save. Click edit, type in a new dashboard name. Press cancel(before saving). This should not save the name. Lets refresh the browser to confirm this.
### Dropdown Navigation
  * Campaigns drop down should exist. Clicking this will show campaign options to click on.
  * Locations drop down should exist. Clicking this will show location options to click on.
  * Districts drop down should exist. Clicking this will show district options to click on.
  * When selecting a campaign from this drop down, it should update any charts with a campaign display. See in 'Layout' for which rows may contain charts with campaign information visible to the user. These charts should each reflect the current selection for campaign name.
  * When selecting a location from this drop down, it should update any charts with a location display. See in 'Layout' for which rows may contain charts with location information visible to the user. These charts should each reflect the current selection for location name.
  * When selecting a district from this drop down, it should update any charts with a district display. See in 'Layout' for which rows may contain charts with district information visible to the user. These charts should each reflect the current selection for district name.
### Layout
  * All of the elements should exist:
  * Row 1
    * On the left side of the row there is a section for a bubble map showing with a title of 'Polio Cases - 2014 to Present' with a map and bubbles indicating the intensity.
    * On the right side of this row, there are two charts stacked on top of each other. 'Annual Cast Table' this is a basic data table chart with Afghanistan and recent campaigns displaying their indicator data.
    * Below 'Annual Case Table' is the Immunity Profile stacked column chart. The X Axis should reflect years, grouped into regions, 'central, 'central highlands', 'east', 'north', 'north east', 'south', 'south east' and 'west'. Y axis should show percent, 0%-100%. The indicators shown are 'Number of Unvaccinated Non Polio AFP Cases', 'Number of Non Polio AFP cases vaccinated 1-3 doses', 'Number of Non Polio AFP cases vaccinated 4-6 doses', 'Number of Non Polio AFP cases vaccinated 7+ doses'. The chart itself should display the proportion of the value of each indicator listed in the legend as a vertical column. The bar size should make sense. What this means is if 'percent missed due to refusal' has a value of 0.9% and 'percent children missed due to not available' value is 0.1%, 'percent missed due to refusal should be 90% of the column and 'percent children missed due to not available' should color 10% of the column. Each indicator should be displayed by the assigned legend color. The values, when mouse hovers on the column, should display as a small modal tooltip. Clicking the button next to the 'export' button will toggle the view of the chart. There are two other views than the side-by-side column chart. One is the stacked columns by proportion based on their exact values. The other view is based on the values as well however the visualization will stretch the column to 100%. The values in this second view will be shown in proportion to their value.

  * Row 2
    * One stacked column chart 'Missed Children By Reason' displaying percent childrens missed by specific reasons, 'Percent children missed due to refusal - PCA', 'Percent children missed due to not available - PCA', 'Percent children missed due to no team visit - PCA', 'Percent children missed due to other reasons - PCA'. X axis should indicate campaign (month and year) grouped by region. Regions should be 'central, 'central highlands', 'east', 'north', 'north east', 'south', 'south east' and 'west'. Y axis should default to percentage(0%-100%). The chart itself should display the proportion of the value of each indicator listed in the legend as a vertical column. The bar size should make sense. What this means is if 'percent missed due to refusal' has a value of 0.9% and 'percent children missed due to not available' value is 0.1%, 'percent missed due to refusal should be 90% of the column and 'percent children missed due to not available' should color 10% of the column. Each indicator should be displayed by the assigned legend color. The values, when mouse hovers on the column, should display as a small modal tooltip.
    * Clicking the button next to the 'export' button will toggle the view of the chart. There are two other views than the side-by-side column chart. One is the stacked columns by proportion based on their exact values. The other view is based on the values as well however the visualization will stretch the column to 100%. The values in this second view will be shown in proportion to their value.
  * Row 3
    * Here we have a stacked column chart displaying 'LQAS'. The indicators for this are '# of Accepted Lots by 90%', '# of Accepted Lots by 80%', '# of Rejected Lots by 80%'. This should show an integer value on the Y axis and the X axis displays campaign month and year grouped by region. Regions should be 'central, 'central highlands', 'east', 'north', 'north east', 'south', 'south east' and 'west'. The indicators should show data in each grouping, unless there is no value or the value is 0, as a column.
    * Clicking the button next to the 'export' button will toggle the view of the chart. There are two other views than the side-by-side column chart. One is the stacked columns by proportion based on their exact values. The other view is based on the values as well however the visualization will stretch the column to 100%. The values in this second view will be shown in proportion to their value.
  * Row 4
    * Here we have a stacked column chart displaying 'Environmental Results'. The indicators for this are 'Number of Environmental Samples with Negative result' and 'Number of Environmental Samples with Positive result'. This should show an integer value on the Y axis and the X axis displays campaign month and year grouped by region. Regions should be 'central, 'central highlands', 'east', 'north', 'north east', 'south', 'south east' and 'west'. The indicators should show data in each grouping, unless there is no value or the value is 0, as a column.
    * Clicking the button next to the 'export' button will toggle the view of the chart. There are two other views than the side-by-side column chart. One is the stacked columns by proportion based on their exact values. The other view is based on the values as well however the visualization will stretch the column to 100%. The values in this second view will be shown in proportion to their value.
  * Row 5
    * Here we have a stacked column chart displaying 'Missed Children: PCA vs. Out of House Survey'. The indicators for this are 'Percent Missed Children - Out of House Survey' and 'Percent Missed Children - PCA'. This should show an integer value on the Y axis and the X axis displays campaign month and year grouped by region. Regions should be 'central, 'central highlands', 'east', 'north', 'north east', 'south', 'south east' and 'west'. The indicators should show data in each grouping, unless there is no value or the value is 0, as a column.
    * Clicking the button next to the 'export' button will toggle the view of the chart. There are two other views than the side-by-side column chart. One is the stacked columns by proportion based on their exact values. The other view is based on the values as well however the visualization will stretch the column to 100%. The values in this second view will be shown in proportion to their value.
  * Row 6
    * This row has 2 charts. The left column has a bubble map. The right column contains a column chart.
    * The bubble map shows Afghanistan with the title of 'Inaccessible Children (Map View)'. This map shows the data by displaying a grey circle. The size of the circle is proportionate to the value of the indicator for that area.
    * The column chart title is 'Inaccessible Children'. The X axis should display the campaign month and year. The Y axis displays the scale of indicator value by integer. The columns are proportionate in size to the value of the indicator for the campaign.
  * Row 7
    * There is one chart for this row, it has two indicators in it. The title of the chart is 'Non Polio AFP Rate and Adequate Specimens'. The indicators are 'Non Polio AFP Rate' which is display as a column chart. The other indicator, 'Percentage of Adequate Specimen', which is displayed as a line chart. The X axis indicates the campaign month and year. The Y axis will reflect the indicator value range as a percentage.